hi sam uh just want to say thank you
for sending across your new book uh no
bs
guide to website lead gen um
yeah really interesting your timing is
impeccable i
don't know if you've got some clever ai
buyer
intention software thing going on um
but no yeah time is good but more
importantly the content in there was
really nice
uh i love the bit at the beginning where
you're talking about going and
speaking to your customers finding out
what is important to them
now of course i'm going to find that
good because i'm a sales trainer
uh but it makes so much sense then as
you go on and you speak about some more
of the techy stuff
i've got to admit i skimmed over that a
little bit but what's clear is you know
what you're on about there so that's
great yeah that's why i get you know
someone like you to look at it
so no i really appreciate it there's
some great stuff in there really useful
um and i'm sure it's gonna be useful to
lots of people who
are lucky enough to get their hands on
it cheers pal